List of files:

* random_tree.py
Generate random trees from a list of primitives with parameters (passed as argument).
Example:
```
> python random_tree.py example.fit
```
Will generate 10 random trees with a max depth of 10 using the primitives (with fitted parameters) read from the file example.fit. 
It creates two files: 
- expressions.txt that contains a list of random expressions (trees) generated by the program (default name can be changed with the option --trees_out)
- list_primitives.txt that contains a list of the primitive names used in the expressions (default name can be changed with the option --primitives_out).

Right now the following primitives are supported: plane, sphere, cylinder, torus, cone, ellipsoid.
The following operations are supported: union, intersection, negation, difference.

It is possible to change the default number of random trees with the option: --pop_size and the default max depth with the option: --max_depth.


* tree_from_expression.py
Generate a picture of a given expression as a tree. It creates an intermediate .dot file that needs to be processed with graphviz (if graphviz is not installed, it will fail).
It takes as input an expression generated by the program random_tree and a list of primitive names also generated by random_tree.
Example:
```
> python tree_from_expression.py tree.txt list_primitives.txt tree.png
```

The expression in tree.txt is one of the expressions read from the file expressions.txt (created above).

* create_eval_source.py
Generate a C++ source file with a function: 
double eval(double x, double y, double z)
That can be used to evaluate a given expression at a given point. It relies on the C++ files operations.{h,cpp} and primitives.{h,cpp} that implement the default operations and primitives. 
It takes as input a file with an expression and a list of the primitives (with fitted parameters).
Example: 
```
> python create_eval_source.py tree.txt example.fit tree.cpp
```
The file tree.cpp will contain the C++ source file.
